[NO-TICKET] Add note about precedence of Ruby configuration (#31166)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/ruby.md

| `DD_VERSION`                                  | String  | The [version][10] of your service.                                                                                                      |
| `DD_TAGS`                                     | String  | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api, team:intake`.          |

> Alternatively, you can set profiler parameters in code with these functions, inside a `Datadog.configure` block. Note that parameters provided via code take precedence over those provided via environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set profiler parameters in code with these functions, inside a `Datadog.configure` block. Note that parameters provided in code take precedence over those provided as environment variables.
```
